FAQ and INFO
Larry A. Walker & Co. 
B+Tree Index Source

:::::What is this product?

This product is C language source code for a library of 
B+Tree functions.  You integrate the functions into your program.  It
is intended for use by software engineers who are building systems
requiring a robust indexing system.

Distributed with the B+Tree :
A tree debugger and various list and test programs.
A set of double link list functions which are not required
in the B+Tree.  

In order to use this product you would need to know the C
programming language, have a working knowledge of makefiles and such, 
and understand the general concept of a B+Tree index system.  

This product is the C version of an earlier product,  "B+Tree in C++"
This product is released in Dec 2002 under the GNU Public License.
See license agreement.

The product is downloaded as a Unix tar file; gzip compressed, or
not compressed.

The product has been built for a number of Unix OS.  An earlier version
had also run on MSDOS.  The freeware version was developed on Linux and 
SunOS 5.8.
It should build and run without change on any Posix compliant platform, and
others with minor modification.

This product is used wherever an index is required.  You would 
not use this system to support a small index, but you might use 
the index to support very large indexing requirements. For example, 
the commercial version of this index was used in optical file systems.

Unlike other B+Trees hou could use it with any kind of key, even variable 
length keys.  It has its own debugging system, useful for your development. It 
has numerous other features not available elsewhere.  It is faster than
other indexing systems, and magnitudes faster than the most expensive DBMS.

:::::Disclaimer:

The Larry A. Walker & Co. B+Tree software, utilities and manual
is provided "as is" and is without express, limited or implied 
warranty of any kind by either Larry A. Walker & Co. or anyone who has 
been involved in the creation, production, or distribution of the
software, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.  The entire
risk as the quality and performance of the software and user
manual is with you.  Should the software and user manual prove
defective, you assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing,
repair or correction.  Use of the software constitutes agreement
to these provisions.  

This software is not intended to work as is with any commercial version of
this indexing system.

:::::Test programs and btdebug:

The program btdebug is provided as both an example and an interface
to access and manipulate existing trees.

The program gen will create an example index.

The program ungen will delete from a gen index.

The program list will list the keys in a tree.

The program idxdump will dump the index nodes.
